[docs] Add Material You Button playground (#35222)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/buttons/buttons.md

```

This has the advantage of supporting any element, for instance, a link `<a>` element.

## Material You version

> This component also supports the new Material Design spec - [Material You](https://m3.material.io/). It is implemented in form of a new component in the experimental `@mui/material-next` package.

Reviewer: Here's how I would phrase this for clarity—I think it's helpful to add some more context:

```suggestion
The default Button component follows the Material Design 2 specs.
For the MD3 ([Material You](https://m3.material.io/)) version, install and import from the experimental `@mui/material-next` package:
```
